hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
psychological thriller film forgotten
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
ginsak wakes up in the car from a
nightmare he is with his mother father
and older brother you suck
they're moving to a new house
this is the first time that gin sock
visits the house
but he wonders why it looks so familiar
to him
most of the scenes are featured in this
house
it looks old and terrifying just like
the houses that are being used in horror
and mystery films
you suck ginseng's older brother has
been an honor student since elementary
school
he's a smart guy and graduates from the
top elite university in korea
he is very talented kind and has a
competitive nature he even has deft
hands and can fix most things
he seems so perfect you suck admires his
older brother a lot
a year ago yusok injured his left leg in
a car accident
despite that his family still thinks
that he is perfectly fine
the family is very busy moving and
fixing the things in the new house
ginsok sees a room that seems off to him
it really looks weird and mysterious he
is surprised that he'll be sharing the
room with his brother for he thought
that he'll be using the other room
the previous owner left some of his
stuff in the room upstairs that's why
they are unable to use it
in fact that's the mysterious room that
gsoc was staring at a while ago
the helper from the moving company drops
something on the floor
while jinsock is helping him and picking
up the things the helper asks him if you
sock as his older brother
jinsock answers that they really don't
look alike you suck suddenly enters the
room and interrupts their conversation
are you wondering why the helper seems
bothered that made him ask his age
you'll find out later so stay tuned
the family is having dinner on a rainy
day
they look like a normal and happy family
the father says that the previous owner
will get his stuff next month so his
sons don't need to share in one room
out of curiosity jinsock asks his father
what kind of stuff the previous owner
left in the room
the father warns them not to go to the
room because the previous owner
requested not to enter it nor touch his
things
jinsok becomes more curious about the
room
out of nowhere the father reminds him
not to skip his medication
ginseng suddenly hears a noise upstairs
and he guesses that is from the
mysterious room but his family insists
that they don't hear anything and it may
be the sound of the thunder
the brothers are already in the room
usa tells jinsok not to worry a lot
about his exam because the new house
gives off good vibes to them so he'll
definitely pass it this year
usaka already bids good night to his
brother
jinsok hears a strange sound in the
other room
he is really curious about it when he is
about to open the door usak stops him
and insists that he didn't hear anything
he forces gin sock to go outside despite
the heavy rain to get some fresh air
it is raining cats and dogs the brothers
go outside to breathe some fresh air
suddenly the father calls you sock and
asks him to go back home to find
something
jinsok witnesses that his brother is
being dragged by some men
he runs very fast to save his brother
but he fails
fortunately he is able to remember the
plate number of the car that abducted
his older brother
he hardly goes home to tell his parents
what happened but he faints before he is
able to say a word
he wakes up the next morning and
detectives come to their house to
investigate
these detectives seem uninterested in
the situation
jinsok tells them that he saw a black
band with a certain plate number
but the detectives tell him that there
is no black van with that plate number
that exists in korea
they even tell jinsok that he might be
mistaken for it was raining hard that
time
all of a sudden he mentioned that they
heard jinsok is currently taking
anti-anxiety medication
it seems like ginsak is the one being
interrogated in this scene
days have passed and you sock is still
nowhere to be found
the family and the investigators are
already anxious and tired of the waiting
game
there is no clue and the abductors don't
even contact the family to ask for
anything
jinsok has the same nightmare every day
in his dream he sees a man who looks
familiar to him the man in his dream
seems extremely agonized when he is
about to go back to sleep he hears the
strange sound from the other room once
again
he stares at the room the room opens and
someone gets out of it
ginsak is very scared because the person
is coming to his room
he hides under his blanket when he
checks it the door of the other room is
closed
he thinks everything is okay but
suddenly a woman who is wearing white
clothes appears next to him he is
greatly surprised
hold your horses guys it is just another
nightmare
after nineteen days eust suddenly
returns home
however he cannot remember anything of
what happened in the past days that he
was missing
according to the doctor usaka's
dissociative amnesia that completely
wiped out the painful memories from that
day and they need to wait until he
remembers what happened
one morning the medicine of ginsak falls
down on the floor
yusok suddenly enters the kitchen and
asks him to eat that's why he missed
taking his meds
while eating gin sock asks his brother
where he went last night
he saw him leave and even heard the
sound of the gate when he stepped out
you sucked and eyes everything and
insists that it was just another dream
one night gin sock fell asleep while
studying usa gets a pen and is about to
stab it in his eyes
ginseng suddenly wakes up and follows
his older brother
he is very surprised to see his brother
smoking because he knows he doesn't have
vices
he is even surprised to see the
inspectors calling his brother boss
while telling his brother the inspectors
see it
things get even more complicated
jinsok runs for his dear life he thought
he had already escaped the inspector's
hands but his older brother catches him
jinsock wakes up in his room and sees
his brother
he is very surprised because he knows it
was not a dream
he is sure it did happen
he runs to the toilet and hides there he
screams to you sock saying that he was
not asleep last night and remembers
everything vividly
he tells him that he heard the sound
from the mechanical pencil that he kept
clicking and made the lead fall right in
front of his eyes yusok tries to calm
him down and insist that everything he
remembers is all part of his dream
he asks if he took his medicine last
night
jinsock remembers that he wasn't able to
take it because it fell on the floor
he calms down takes his medicine and
apologizes to his brother
he thinks that his brother might be
right
but he becomes suspicious once again
when he sees the lead of the mechanical
pen on his table
he knows there is something wrong
jinsock tells everything to his mom
he plans to follow you sock that night
in this scene the mother looks convinced
of what ginsak is telling her but there
is a bigger picture that will surprise
you later
just like other mystery thriller films
the start of the movie was a bit
confusing but now it is starting to make
sense
that evening he has another nightmare
he goes to the kitchen to drink water
he clearly hears his mother reporting to
someone about everything he had told her
ginseng finally realizes that there is
something wrong with his family he tries
to escape but his father is already
waiting outside
they corner gin sock but he is able to
escape and goes to the nearest police
station
he reports to the police officers that
he was confined by people whom he
thought was his family and he was just
able to escape
the officers confirm his identity they
tell him that he is already 41 years old
because he was born in 1977
but he insists that he is only 21 years
old everything got mixed up
ginseng thinks it is only 1997
so he is very surprised when the
officers tell him that it is already
2017.
jinsock looks around the police station
and is surprised about the changes
including the new president as well as
the latest technology
he looks in the mirror and finds out
that he looks very old like a man in his
40s
this scene is really heartbreaking
when he finally finds out that
everything he believes are all lies
this scene gave the viewers goosebumps
many critics were surprised at how the
writer gives numerous twists in the
story
jinsok goes back to the house to find
the truth
he enters the mysterious room
finally the man who pretends to be his
brother you saw tells him the whole
story
twenty years ago a teenage girl and her
mother were both killed in their house
the family of the victims hires him to
look for ginseng
in the flashback it is shown that
jinsock was abducted and tortured for
him to tell the reason why he killed the
family
they are not able to get the answers
because gin sock has already restrained
his traumatic memories and cannot
remember anything at all
the psychiatrist suggests hypnotizing
him back to his delighted memories in
the year 1997 hoping that if they
reenact the events on the night of the
killing jinsuk might recover his
memories
everything was working well when one day
the police arrested you sock for fraud
it was the night that ginsak saw you
suck being abducted but the truth is he
stayed in prison for 19 days
going back to the present jinsok tries
to escape from yusak but unfortunately
he was hit by a truck which made him
remember what really happened in the
year 1997.
jinsock reminisces about the past
he is in a car with his real family
unfortunately they get into a car
accident that kills both his parents and
critically injures his brother
he did his best to earn money for his
brother's surgery but couldn't find a
decent job
he tries to look for a job online when
an anonymous person contacts him
he asks him to kill his wife but leave
his children unharmed
in this situation it seems like ginseng
doesn't have any choice but to kill
someone even if it is against his will
just to save the life of his brother
how far can we go to protect the lives
of those dear to us
is it worthy of the sacrifice
when he arrives at the house to follow
the order of the anonymous person
jinsok's conscience kicks in
the mother and the daughter go out of
the room and scream upon seeing him he
panics and accidentally kills them
the youngest boy goes out of the room as
well but ginsak asks him to go back
on his way out he sees a family picture
he's very surprised that his brother's
doctor is the father of this family
there are times that life isn't going
the way we planned it once a happy
family now wrecked because of
selfishness
jinsok meets the anonymous man he is
astonished to see that he is his
brother's doctor
the doctor explains that the reason why
he asked him to kill his wife is to get
insurance money to save his children
from poverty
how evil a man can be in this way a
happy and perfect family was ruined
because of the father's selfishness he
did it not to save his children but to
save himself
the doctor is really disappointed
because jinsock also killed his daughter
so he exclaims that jinsock brother
should die as well there's a
confrontation
the doctor accidentally falls on the
building and dies
in the present jinsok wakes up lying on
a hospital bed
the man who pretends to be his older
brother is now about to kill him with a
poisonous syringe he tells jinsock that
he is the young child of the family that
he killed twenty years ago
when his family died his relatives took
all the insurance money and left him in
the orphanage what a pity how can they
do that to a harmless child the love of
money is absolutely the root of all evil
he asked jin sak if his own father was
the mastermind of the killings
jinsok takes all the responsibility but
he doesn't believe him
jin seok commits suicide by injecting
the poisonous syringe into his body
this is how he ends his life
the young man also commits suicide by
jumping off the hospital's building
both of them reunite with their loved
ones in the afterlife
at the end of the story there is a
flashback in the year 1997 when
jinsock's family was at the park
there was a young boy who offered him a
lollipop and ran to his family
he is the young son of the doctor's
family
forgotten is the movie that captured the
heart of many from the beginning until
the ending because of its twists and
turns
it shows how far someone can drive
himself to find the answers that they
are longing for to know
it also shows us that a person's love
for money can ruin a family
it is unimaginable that it is really
happening in the real world
even people that you trust the most will
betray you for the sake of money
like other psychological thriller films
forgotten requires us to hold on and
examine every clue that was given in the
story
this movie keeps you guessing and
wondering until the end and that is one
of the many reasons why it is
unforgettable
this is daniel cc movie channel stay
safe and enjoy your fun for today